c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.exe
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.pdb
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Media.AdaptiveStreaming.winmd
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.exe
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.pdb
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\glamdring\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.exe
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.pdb
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.exe
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.pdb
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.Media.AdaptiveStreaming.winmd
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\StreamingProtoType.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\David\Desktop\StreamingProtoType\StreamingProtoType\obj\x64\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
